The Beginning of the Twisted Hub
  
   Created by the Original 8 Governors.
   	Most likely because it was thought to be possibly profitable?

   Whale captured in the Shallows of Reality
        That caused the Bleed
  
   The City was built on the stream of the Bleed for some reason by the 8
    The Spokes contain and direct the bleed
	Possibly drawing some sort of power/resource towards the center/governors

   No connection remains to the 8’s worlds and the 8 Governors cannot leave the Hub. 





 The Story So Far...  

In The Beginning...  
	The Truth 

		Our story begins with the Original 8 that are now known as seven of the current 8 Governors.
		Very little is known for certain as to the true origin of the city. What they do know, however, is that the city was built upon a fount of Genre Bleed. The origin of the Bleed Leak is unknown. No one knows why the 8 Governors decided to remain here and build the city, or why they seem to be interested in regulating the amount of Bleed that spreads.
		Speculations are abundant.

	The Legend
		Speaking of speculation, there are at least as many major theories as there are districts. Each of these theories also come in many variations. They range from silly to sinister and everything in between. Even a few religious movements have been inspired by the legends and myth surrounding the Twisted Hub.
		Some people claim that the Governors are involved in a secret conspiracy to funnel power and immortality from the effects of Genre Bleed. Some people believe the city is afloat upon the back of a gargantuan tortoise, dragon, crab, whale and various other creatures of nature and fancy. This is unlikely, however since the Hub does seem to be rather stationary. Some people believe that an ancient artifact is buried deep beneath The Axis, causing a tear in reality itself which may cause the Genre Bleed. Some say it's simply a place of great convenience and profit. Others believe this is all some sort of scientific and/or sociological experimentation.
		(See Also: Individual Districts - For more information on local myth and legend regarding various subjects.)

The Rise of The Axis
	The firs part of the city to be constructed was The Axis. Comprised originally of only the inner rim and the 8 Governor's Towers, the spokes stretched out radially towards the Sea of Time and Space. The Governors discovered that the Spokes tapped into the fount of Genre Bleed, causing access points to slowly begin appearing. These ports to other worlds produced immigrants, explorers, adventurers and refugees of all sorts. The Governors accepted these new and strange creatures into their new budding city and began, with their help, to construct the original 8 districts between the Spokes and surrounding The Axis.

Genre Bleed 

 

The Center for Bleed Control 

 

The Lost District 
